[CROWD]
Huh?
(Laughing)
What the hell is this?!
Huh?
[THUGS] Hm?
[TAKEO] Pardon...
HUH?!
Huh?
Excuse me.
Sorry, coming through.
(Grunt)
Uhh...
(Scared screams)
[RINKO]
Takeo!
Hm?
Hey!
(Giggles)
Over here!
My name is Takeo Goda.
I'm in the tenth grade.
For the first time
in my life,
I've liked a girl, and
she's liked me back.
She's my...
girlfriend.
(Giggle)
Hm!
(Train horn)
(Crowd gasps)
You all right?
Mm-hmm.
I love her!
Um, this is the first time
I've ever seen you
riding on the morning train.
So, is this the one you take
to school every day?
Yeah.
Well maybe I'll just have to
switch to this one then.
But I dunno. that might be
cutting it a little close,
wouldn't it? Uhh...
It's nice to see you,
but I don't want to
be late to class.
Uh-huh, yeah
that's true.
Jesus, check out that
couple over there.
No way. They've gotta be
father and daughter.
But look the guy's wearing
a school uniform-
(Crowd gasps)
Ahh!
Oh!
♪Opening song♪
(School bell tolls)
Hm?
[TEACHER]
Let's start where we
left off yesterday.
Open your textbooks
to page 24.
Well hello, Kurihara.
Ah!
You're late.
(Chuckle)
Sorry!
Right. Page 24, people.
Try to keep up.
(Chuckle)
Man, guess what I saw
on the train this morning!
Agh! Huh?!
[KURIHARA]
They totally bumped
right into each other!
If it were me, I woulda
gone in for a big 'ol kiss
right then and there!
[KAKITANI]
Yeah, well, not Goda.
[FUDO]
Not a chance.
[MOMOTA]
The dude's a gentleman!
[KURIHARA]
Yeah, sure sure, whatever.
But then check out
what happened...
[PA SYSTEM]
Please stay clear
of the closing doors.
(Rinko gasps)
Oh my God, this is us.
Let's go! We gotta get off!
[TAKEO]
HMPH!
Ah!
Go ahead.
Oh!
Ah! Takeo!
[KURIHARA]
And in the end, Goda
totally missed the transfer.
(Rinko panting)
(Sniffling)
(Jingle)
(Several phones jingle)
(Students gasp)
The whole thing was so cool,
I had to make a video.
The man is
a true hero.
And that was the
express train, too.
He'd have to take it
to the last stop.
I still don't know
what she sees in that guy.
I know, she seems
pretty normal.
Right?
[TEACHER]
Hey! Knock it off!
Um, where were we?
Oh, yes, page 24...
(Men gasping and whistling)
Hm.
[TAKEO]
Whoa...
His phone has
a good camera.
[SUNA]
That's all you
have to say?
I wanna watch it
again. Uh...
So, how...
do I do that?
(Shutter sound)
Uh!
(Suna laughs)
(Loud splash)
(Crowd screams)
[MOTHER]
Somebody help!
Ah!
My son fell in
the river! Somebody!
AHH!
Help me!
(Crying)
(Takeo grunts)
(Crowd gasps)
Ah!
(Grunting)
Ahhh!
RAAGGHH!
(Heavy breathing)
(Gasps)
[MAN]
Oh wow! He got him!
(Child crying)
Takeo!
Take him!
[CHILD]
Mommy! Mommy!
(Crying)
Thank you so much!
Thank you so very much!
No, no, I didn't
do anything.
You saved him! I can't
thank you enough.
Seriously, it wasn't
me, ma'am. It was him.
Suna! We gotta go!
We're already running late!
C'mon!
[SUNA]
Are you okay?
You're soaking wet!
[TAKEO]
I'm fine. A little water
never hurt anybody.
[SUNA]
You're like a superhuman.
Oh!
Hey, Takeo!
Ms. Yamato!
I'm sorry I'm late!
(Both giggling and laughing)
Uh? Oh wow. What happened?
You're all wet.
From head to toe.
[SUNA]
Yeah, we sorta rescued a
drowning kid on the way here.
What?!
But Sunakawa, you
look... pretty dry.
Well, I just handed
the kid to his mom.
He's the one who
dove into the river.
You just dove right in?
Oh well... I guess you
would, wouldn't you?
(Thunderclap)
God, I love her!
I have a little towel...
Oh, this won't be enough.
You probably should've gone
home and changed your clothes.
I didn't wanna make
you wait too long.
Oh...
You could always call
or text, you know?
UH!
Suna, how did you get
to be so smart?
It's true, you always come
up with the best ideas.
I've got my gym
clothes here.
Huh? Cool! Thanks, man.
(Astonished gasp)
Uhh...!
Oh!
Sorry!
No, it's okay!
(Nervous giggle)
Sometimes girlfriends...
they call and text even
when there's no reason.
I tried my hand at baking
my first roll cake today.
A friend of mine...
She wanted me to make it
my next cooking project.
So... I hope it worked out.
I put some strawberries
in one of them!
[TAKEO]
And sometimes,
they bake cakes even when
it isn't your birthday.
Omm!
'Kay. So what
do you think?
Kinda incredible.
Oh... C'mon you always
say that everything
is good, Takeo.
Well it is awesome,
right, Suna?
Yup.
And for no reason
at all...
Mm.
(Giggle)
...they'll smile and make
you feel wonderful inside.
Huh?
Ah!
(Shaky breaths)
Don't move.
(Heavy heartbeat)
Ohh...
[TAKEO]
It was a ladybug.
But I got it, so...
So, you're good.
Huh?
(Flustered exhale)
Oh, uh, I'm sorry. I
didn't mean to touch you.
Oh, no! Uh, thank you!
She's so sweet
when she blushes.
She's so innocent.
She's a lot different
than mom.
She used to be an amateur
wrestling champion.
Well, I'm gonna head home.
[TAKEO]
M'kay.
Make sure you wash that
before you give it back to me.
Look at that. Giving
us some alone time...
The guy is too smooth.
Takeo... Why don't we walk
through the park tonight?
That's sorta the
long way around.
Yeah but you can see the stars
so much better, y'know?
You were right!
Beautiful!
It's darker here, so you
can see more of them.
[RINKO]
There's no one else
here... is there?
Yeah. It's quiet.
Hm?
(Nervous)
Um... we're all
alone, huh?
Hm?
AH!
You do not
have to worry!
Huh?!
Listen to me.
I am not going to lay
a finger on you.
You got that?
I promise!
Ohh...
(Satisfied grunt)
Uh... thank you?
See ya.
Good night, Takeo.
I will always
treat her right...
...with every part
of my being.
She will never have
anything to fear.
[TAKEO]
Today was good.
I'm home.
[AI]
Hey, little brother.
Welcome back.
Uh!
[SUNA]
Well now. This
is unexpected.
Yeah, I took the
afternoon bullet train.
Got you a souvenir.
Where's Takeo?
He's usually with you.
I got enough for
you two to share.
Call him over.
He's walking his
girlfriend home.
The guy has himself
a girlfriend these days.
Huh? Takeo has
a girlfriend? What?
(Laughing)
Yeah, right!
Okay nice try!
No, I'm serious.
She's pretty cute.
(SLAM)
(Sobbing)
Huh?
No. You're lying to me!
Did you have some sort of
feelings for him all this time?
(Crying)
What? Really?
I had no idea.
For how long?
What's this girl like?
He's not being
tricked, is he?
You know how
naive Takeo is!
There is no way Takeo
could have possibly
found a girlfriend!
Who could fall for
such a giant, filthy
ape like him, huh?!
'Kay, now wait...
So do you like him or not?
Tell me he isn't
just being used,
like some personal
bodyguard or something!
They seem pretty
happy to me.
I've literally watched
the two of them fall in
love with each other.
(Annoyed grunt)
(Whimper)
I'm going to have to
meet this little tramp!
There are some things
that only other girls
can see, okay?
Uh, what?
There is no possible
way any girl besides
me would fall for him!
Something's definitely
up, I know it!
We ARE going to meet!
[SUNA]
I dunno. Sounds
like trouble.
You kidding me?!
I've gotta see what kind
of girl would go after
a guy with a
haircut like his!
I mean, you 've seen it,
right? She must be off!
[SUNA]
So DO you actually like him?
[AI]
Gimme your stupid phone!
[SUNA]
Whoa! Hey!
(Phone beeps)
[RINKO]
I need to be honest.
I... have something
I need to tell you.
The truth is...
(Nervous grunt)
Hm...
(Beep)
(Sigh)
(Jingle)
Ah!
(Sigh)
[SUNA]
When are you gonna stop
dragging me along with you?
[TAKEO]
She just seems very
innocent, you know.
When it's just me and her,
she gets nervous.
She's more comfortable
with you there.
Mmm...
♪Upbeat jazz♪
Hm...
[AI]
Now, who is it?
This girl?
That girl?
Oh, she's cute!
No. Not a chance.
Oh! Hey, Takeo!
I'm over here!
UH!
No freakin' way?!
Sorry I'm late,
Ms. Yamato!
It's okay. I haven't
been here long.
Hi, Takeo!
Huh?
Oh, uh, hey there, Ai!
(Giggle)
Hey, it's been quite
a while, hasn't it?!
I heard you got yourself
a new girlfriend!
[SUNA]
Clever girl.
This is
Suna's sister.
Oh! Hello! Nice to meet you.
I'm Rinko Yamato.
(Chuckle)
She's very pretty,
isn't she?
Yeah, she is.
[TAKEO]
Suna's sister is a beauty.
And when I was
around her as a kid,
it'd drive me crazy!
You having trouble
with your homework?
I'll look over it for you.
Takeo, your shorts!
They're on backwards!
Takeo, seriously, your need
to clean yourself up!
And, just like Suna, she's
always treated me like family.
'Kay then, what is it you like
about our friend Takeo here?
Oh!
Uh... Hmm...
Uh... Uh...
I can't explain
it exactly...
But I just like him!
You can't say, huh.
Or won't say?
I wonder...
Oh! I tried out a
brand new recipe
for some cookies last night.
Would you like to try some?
I have plenty.
[AI]
These things are amazing!
(Shutter sound)
You really baked these cookies
all by yourself?!
Uh! Ahem...
They seem very
well-made.
I've really been into
using icing lately,
so this time I tried
making some Langues
de Chat-type cookies.
(Confused grunt)
H-hm...
She is awesome at
making desserts.
All sorts of cookies
and cakes.
Oh. Quite the girly
girl, isn't she?
That's right. The girliest
girl of all girly girls.
(Chuckle)
Uh...
She seems nice.
Very nice.
No, no! Come on! I'm not
really all that nice you guys!
Oh, don't be so modest!
You're the nicest girl I know.
(Reluctant sigh)
Hm...
Let's try one
of these cookies.
(Slight cough)
That's salty!
Oh!
(Gagging)
Okay, so they're
savory, huh.
What? Uh...
Interesting.
No, I think they're
really just salty!
[TAKEO]
Mmmm!
Ah!
[RINKO]
I must've used salt
instead of sugar!
Oh my gosh!
Huh?
Sorry, everyone! You don't
have to eat those!
I messed 'em up!
I cannot believe this!
I'm really sorry!
It's okay...
They're perfectly fine.
I really do like them
a lot.
Give them to me
and I'll eat the rest.
Huh?
(Twinkling)
Wha...?
I like really sweet things, and
I like really salty things, too.
I mean it.
Is there any food out
there you DON'T like?
Hm? Not really.
(Giggle)
(Sigh)
Okay, Takeo, what is it YOU
like about Rinko Yamato?
AH! Oh god! Where is
all this coming from?!
[TAKEO]
I like everything about her.
But if I had to
choose just one...
How pure-hearted she is.
(Light gasp)
Hmm...
I'm gonna walk her home.
It was nice to meet you.
Yes, likewise!
[SUNA]
See? Don't they
look happy?
She's hiding something.
She has a secret.
Um... Uh...
I think you're
overthinking this.
Oh, don't tell me
you didn't notice it.
There is something that
she's not telling Takeo.
She's not being completely
honest with him.
You can see it in her eyes.
[AI]
I don't know if she's fooling
around on him or what.
But... she has a secret.
I know it.
[TAKEO]
Oh, wow...
Huh?
[TAKEO]
Take a look at the sky.
The stars are really
beautiful again tonight.
[RINKO]
Yes. They are.
They're smiling on us.
[RINKO]
Takeo...
Hm?
You know, I... Uh...
Huh?
I need to tell
you the truth...
I don't get girls.
I must be pretty dense.
Uh, nevermind, it's nothing!
Have a good night!
Huh?
[TAKEO]
Good night.
Hm...
Nothing, huh?
Maybe...
Wait a second!
(Heavy breathing)
AH!
(Dog barks)
(Grunting)
Rinko! What've I done?!
Y'know, you should've
realized something was up
when she just fell
for him at first sight.
A girl would have to have
a really good reason to
fall for a guy like that.
I don't know what it is
exactly, but I know she has
something to hide alright.
Hey, hello?! Are you
even listening to me?
Yeah, I'm trying
to study here.
(Knock on door)
Oh, there you are.
Could you do me a favor and
go to the store for me?
Ugh! You haven't seen
your daughter in ages
and you're already starting
to abuse my company? Jeez.
[MOM]
Mm-hmm. You got that right.
(Humming)
(Sigh)
(Shutter sound)
Hurry! He's gonna see you.
Oh my God!
That is so creepy!
And hilarious!
(Both laugh)
Hm?
Takeo...?
(Jingle plays)
[AI]
What are you doing?
Hm?
Oh, hey, Sis.
I'm trying to figure
out how girls think.
Hm?!
Girls make me feel...
kinda dense.
For the longest time,
I thought that Ms. Yamato
had a thing for Suna.
I can't pick up
on these things.
I can tell something's
going on, but I don't
know what it is.
If she would just tell
me, I could help her.
[AI]
It might be something
she can't talk about.
she can't tell you.
Something she can't
tell her boyfriend.
Like maybe she's
messing around on you...
Or maybe that she
found somebody else.
[TAKEO]
Even if that were
the case, I don't care.
Uh!
The only problem
I have is seeing
that she might
be hurting inside.
(Light gasp)
(Sigh)
Okay, fine. I'll
ask her for you.
Huh?
It'd probably be
easier for her
to talk to a girl anyway.
You would do
that for me?!
Now please stop
reading that trash!
It's just making you
look like a weirdo!
Can't thank you enough!
You are the coolest person ever!
Uh! C'mon, let's go.
[TAKEO]
I was a little worried
what people would think,
seeing me reading
that stuff.
But you did it anyway?
I was desperate
and had to know.
So, did you
learn anything?
Well one thing. A new way
to creep people out.
(Laughs)
Hm...
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Wish.